How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It saves a lot of time and its quite intresting.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Its like accessing  to the history of file is a new method and learning that will surely have a impact on becoming a efficient programmer

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
    Git:
	Pros:
        Git is difficult to learn at first.But after learning the usage, it become very helpful.
	It can be edited through any text editor.
	manually saved.
	Cons:
	No offline usage.
    Google Docs:
	Pros:
	Docs are user friendly and very easy to use. 
	Cons:
	Text editor ha no role in it.
	No offline usage.
	It can't be manually saved

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Google docs is a differnt type of platform and Git is. Git contains lots of extra features where as Docs lacks some. Multiple file saving featur allows to save
    various files of same folder like css,js etc which will be very useful.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log is used by simply entering the 'git log' command in bash. After entering this command we will get all the commits.
    After getting the commits we can find the difference using git diff command.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Its easier to locate the error and problems, so that debugging becomes simple.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	We can directly change the extensions, open git from bash, create directory, modify files.

    Fill in your answer here